Now that you've completed your balance sheets
and you understand what your net worth is, let's analyze it.
So, please select exercise number eight,
which is called analyzing your BS.
I'm seven, okay, so question one,
the reason I had to write it that way is cause
you can't fit enough characters in balance sheet so it's BS.
Sorry, okay, anyways, so question one in exercise eight
deals with a concept called solvency ratio.
And the higher solvency ratio, the better, okay?
It's, your solvency ratio is calculated by dividing
your net worth by your assets.
And the result is a percent ratio,
and again, higher is better.
And this is really important as
the value of our assets would need to fall
by our solvency ratio percent in order for us to
potentially be in financial trouble.
And we're gonna focus on increasing your solvency ratio
in this course, and we really want
this percent to be above 50% long run, okay?
So here's an example:
if your net worth was 50, and assets were 200,
then your solvency ratio would be 25%.
And if your assets dropped in value by 25%
then you could be in financial trouble.
If your solvency ratio is below 50% now don't worry
because we are gonna work on increasing this, okay?
So please complete question number one,
so you can calculate your solvency ratio,
and again, don't worry if it's way too,
if this number is way, way too low,
as this course is really focusing in helping you
to improve this ratio and many others in the long run.
Okay, so once you've completed question number one,
then please click on the plus symbol
here to check your answers,
which is linked to the balance sheet tab
that you completed in exercise seven.
Okay, so please pause me now
and complete question number one.
Thanks.
Okay, let's move on to question number two now,
which is your debt to equity ratio.
Your debt to equity ratio is calculated by taking
your liabilities and dividing it by your net worth.
And your net worth we know is called equity,
it's just another name for it.
So, when we calculate our debt to equity,
meaning debt divided by equity, lower is better, of course.
Because we wanna have less debt
as a percentage of your net worth.
As you get older this ratio should fall a lot
as you pay off your mortgage and other obligations,
and as your savings increases a lot.
So please pause me now and complete question number two
and then, click on the plus
symbol here to check your answers.
And, before you move on to question three,
just always remember what your
current solvency and debt to equity ratios are,
As they're gonna improve a lot in the long run
if you apply what is learnt in this course.
Just pause me now and complete
question number two and come back, thanks.
Okay, let's move on to question number three now
where we're gonna calculate your debt to assets ratio.
And your debt to assets ratio is calculated
by dividing your debt, meaning liabilities,
by your assets, and really try
to understand these ratios, don't just memorize them.
if you understand them thoroughly,
just take some time to think about it,
then, I promise you that your financial situation
will improve in the long run.
When we look at debt to assets the result is a percent ratio
and lower is better, of course.
So we're gonna focus on decreasing your debt to assets ratio
in this course and we want this percent to be below 50%.
So, please complete question number three
and then click on the plus sign here to check your answers.
Thank you.